Update docs to match latest api (#1)
stadust/pointercrate-documentation: 550_record_notes/000_get_notes.md

% records

<div class='panel fade js-scroll-anim' data-anim='fade'>

# Record note listing

## `GET`{.verb} `/api/v1/records/` `record_id`{.param} `/notes/`

<div class='info-yellow'>
<b>Access Restrictions:</b><br>

> Unless the user accessing the notes for this record owns the player associated with it, access to this endpoint requires at least `LIST_HELPER` permissions.

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
Unless the user accessing the notes for this record have a verified claim on the player associated with it, access to this endpoint requires at least `LIST_HELPER` permissions.
```
